# rdutta4061.github.io
Portfolio project
1	 Rishith Dutta, rishithdutta3@gmail.com (mailto:rishithdutta3@gmail.com)
	2.	 It is my account where I published my final project for CTI.110.0005
	3.	It is the repository for my portfolio website
	4. Step 5: Log in to Github Desktop using your Github account. If you are not already logged in, you will be prompted to do so when you open the program. Step 6: Click on the "+" icon in the top left corner of the screen and select "Clone a repository." This will open a window that shows a list of your Github repositories. Step 7: Choose the repository you want to clone from the list of your Github repositories. In this case, select the repository with the name "username.github.io." Step 8: Choose the location on your computer where you want to clone the repository. You can either choose an existing folder or create a new one. Step 9: Click on "Clone repository." This will download a copy of the repository to your computer. Step 10: Add your website files to the local repository folder you just cloned. You can either drag and drop the files into the folder or copy and paste them into the folder. Step 11: Open Github Desktop and select the repository you just cloned in the left column. Step 12: Commit your changes by writing a summary of the changes you made in the "Summary" field and clicking on the "Commit" button in the bottom left corner of the screen. Step 13: Push your changes to Github by clicking on the "Push origin" button in th
e top right corner of the screen.
